index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

I completed my Ph.D. at National Taiwan University in January 2025, advised by Professor Yun-Nung (Vivian) Chen in the Miulab.

I have gained practical experience through research internships at Meta GenAI (summer 2024), Nvidia Research (spring 2024), Amazon Alexa AI (summers of 2021, 2022, and 2023), MediaTek Research (summer 2019), and IBM Research (summer 2020).

My research focuses on reasoning and large language models (LLMs). For more details on my qualifications and experience, please refer to my resume.

[//]: # (## Research Interests)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (- **Natural Language Processing:** large language model, data augmentation)

[//]: # (- **Conversational AI:** task-oriented dialogue, dialogue state tracking, response generation)

## News
- **[Feb. 2025]** Released an open-weight reasoning model, [**Mistral-Small-Reasoning**](https://huggingface.co/yentinglin/Mistral-Small-24B-Instruct-2501-reasoning)
- **[Jan. 2025]** My work at Meta GenAI: [*Step-KTO: Optimizing Mathematical Reasoning through Stepwise Binary Feedback*](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.10799) has been published.
- **[Jan. 2025]** I have successfully completed my Ph.D. at National Taiwan University.
- **[Aug. 2024]** <a href="https://build.nvidia.com/yentinglin/llama-3-taiwan-70b-instruct">Yentinglin/llama-3-taiwan-70b-instruct</a> is now live on NVIDIA's NIM platform and featured in <a href="https://nvda.ws/3X1Ndj5">NVIDIA sovereign AI blog post</a>.
- **[Jun. 2024]** Our paper on TMLU (Traditional Mandarin Language Understanding) has been accepted to COLM 2024.
- **[Aug. 2023]** We release <a href="https://github.com/MiuLab/Taiwan-LLaMa">Taiwan-LLaMa</a>, the first Traditional Chinese Large Language Models.
- **[May. 2023]** Our paper about LLM for dialogue evaluation is accepted to NLP4ConvAI 2023.
- **[Jan. 2023]** Our paper about data augmentation for intent detcetion is accepted to EACL 2023.
- **[Sept. 2022]** Our paper about data augmentation for response generation is accepted to SIGDIAL 2022.
- **[May. 2022]** Our paper about fusing task-oriented conversations with chit-chat is accepted to ACL 2022.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/services.md %}

Commit message:

content: announce Google DeepMind position and streamline homepage
Updates homepage content to reflect new career milestone:
- Add announcement of joining Google DeepMind as Research Scientist
- Remove military service paragraph as it's no longer current
- Simplify research internships section to concise list format
- Streamline about section for better readability

These changes update the personal website to reflect the current
professional status and improve content clarity.

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

I will be joining Google DeepMind as a Research Scientist. I completed my Ph.D. at National Taiwan University in January 2025, advised by Professor Yun-Nung (Vivian) Chen in the Miulab.

Research internships: Meta GenAI, Nvidia Research, Amazon Alexa AI, MediaTek Research, IBM Research.

My research focuses on reasoning and large language models (LLMs). For more details, please refer to my resume.

[//]: # (## Research Interests)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (- **Natural Language Processing:** large language model, data augmentation)

[//]: # (- **Conversational AI:** task-oriented dialogue, dialogue state tracking, response generation)

## News
- **[Feb. 2025]** Released an open-weight reasoning model, [**Mistral-Small-Reasoning**](https://huggingface.co/yentinglin/Mistral-Small-24B-Instruct-2501-reasoning)
- **[Jan. 2025]** My work at Meta GenAI: [*Step-KTO: Optimizing Mathematical Reasoning through Stepwise Binary Feedback*](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2501.10799) has been published.
- **[Jan. 2025]** I have successfully completed my Ph.D. at National Taiwan University.
- **[Aug. 2024]** <a href="https://build.nvidia.com/yentinglin/llama-3-taiwan-70b-instruct">Yentinglin/llama-3-taiwan-70b-instruct</a> is now live on NVIDIA's NIM platform and featured in <a href="https://nvda.ws/3X1Ndj5">NVIDIA sovereign AI blog post</a>.
- **[Jun. 2024]** Our paper on TMLU (Traditional Mandarin Language Understanding) has been accepted to COLM 2024.
- **[Aug. 2023]** We release <a href="https://github.com/MiuLab/Taiwan-LLaMa">Taiwan-LLaMa</a>, the first Traditional Chinese Large Language Models.
- **[May. 2023]** Our paper about LLM for dialogue evaluation is accepted to NLP4ConvAI 2023.
- **[Jan. 2023]** Our paper about data augmentation for intent detcetion is accepted to EACL 2023.
- **[Sept. 2022]** Our paper about data augmentation for response generation is accepted to SIGDIAL 2022.
- **[May. 2022]** Our paper about fusing task-oriented conversations with chit-chat is accepted to ACL 2022.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/services.md %}
